Add option to opt-out for hyphenation in Link-/Button-Tile (Issue/2740) (#2758)
porsche-design-system/porsche-design-system: packages/components/CHANGELOG.md

- Theme property supports `auto` for all themeable components, reflecting `prefers-color-scheme` based on OS system
  settings ([#2719](https://github.com/porsche-design-system/porsche-design-system/pull/2719))

> - `hyphens` css attribute can now be overwritten in the `Link Tile`, `Link Tile Model Signature` and `Button Tile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hyphens` CSS property can now be overwritten in `Button Tile`, `Link Tile` and `Link Tile Model Signature`
```
